portIndex1_port                 = 19905
portIndex1_debug                = false
portIndex1_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex2_port                 = 19906
portIndex2_debug                = false
portIndex2_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex3_port                 = 19907
portIndex3_debug                = false
portIndex3_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex4_port                 = 19908
portIndex4_debug                = false
portIndex4_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex5_port                 = 19909
portIndex5_debug                = false
portIndex5_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex6_port                 = 19910
portIndex6_debug                = false
portIndex6_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex7_port                 = 19911
portIndex7_debug                = false
portIndex7_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex8_port                 = 19912
portIndex8_debug                = false
portIndex8_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex9_port                 = 19913
portIndex9_debug                = false
portIndex9_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex10_port                 = 19914
portIndex10_debug                = false
portIndex10_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex11_port                 = 19915
portIndex11_debug                = false
portIndex11_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex12_port                 = 19916
portIndex12_debug                = false
portIndex12_syncSimTrigger       = true

portIndex13_port                 = 19917
portIndex13_debug                = false
portIndex13_syncSimTrigger       = true
